What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
    The repository is being associated with the current dierctory. I need it, 
    so that I can start using git..

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
    Working directory = local copy, aka files that exist in PC (and are OR are not versionised)
    Staging area = buffer, aka files in working directory marked as changed, but they do not exist yet in the repository
    (these files aren't yet versionised)
    Repository = all the files here are versionised

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
    Add one file each time to the staging area and then commit

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
    Branches help when I want to follow and implement separate ideas simultaneously. I can experiment in one 
    branch, whlie working with the "serious" code in the other. It also helps when I want to break the project in 
    many variations, like a text document in many different languages for instance.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
    They help me undestand the structure and the history of each of my steps. 

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
    Merging results to having all changes done in the different branches back in one branch. 
    The commits of the different branches interleave each other in the merged branch, and they are
    all sorted per timestam (newest at first). That means that now a commit isn't allways followed by 
    its "parent" commit. Here comes "git show commitID" handy, because git finds and shows automatically the diff between 
    this commit and its parent (we don't have to find the parent in the git log list).

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

